Errors handling enhancement (#212)
meilisearch/specifications: text/0061-error-format-and-definitions.md

---

## invalid_settings_displayed_attributes

`Synchronous`

### Context

This error occurs when the user provided displayed attributes settings is invalid regarding its expected format.

### Error Definition

HTTP Code: `400 Bad Request`

```json
{

>     "message": "//TODO",

Author: @irevoire For now, I have marked a` //TODO` on every `message` field for newly introduced code replacing the generic bad_request one; We will update it to push the chosen format (a new one or re-use the serde one) :rage2:

{
    "message": "//TODO",
    "code": "invalid_document_fields",
    "type": "invalid_request",
    "link": "https://docs.meilisearch.com/errors#invalid_document_fields"
}
```

---

## invalid_document_limit

`Synchronous`

### Context

This error occurs if a value with a different type than `Integer` for `limit` is specified.

### Error Definition

```json
{
    "message": "//TODO",
    "code": "invalid_document_limit",
    "type": "invalid_request",
    "link": "https://docs.meilisearch.com/errors#invalid_document_limit"
}
```

---

## invalid_document_offset

`Synchronous`

### Context

This error occurs if a value with a different type than `Integer` for `offset` is specified.

### Error Definition

```json
{
    "message": "//TODO",
    "code": "invalid_document_offset",
    "type": "invalid_request",
    "link": "https://docs.meilisearch.com/errors#invalid_document_offset"
}
```

---

## document_fields_limit_reached

`Synchronous` — The error can be synchronous if a document with a number higher than the allowed field limit is sent.

`Asynchronous` — The error can be asynchronous if the limit is reached when adding one or many fields during a document update.

### Context

> The maximum number of fields for a document is `65,535`. When this number is exceeded, this error is returned. This error is returned within a `task` for a `documentsAddition` or `documentsPartial` operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum number of fields for a document is `65,535`. When this number is exceeded, this error is returned. This error is returned within a `task` for a `documentAdditionOrUpdate` operation.
```

### Error Definition

HTTP Code: `400 Bad Request`

```json
{
    "message": "//TODO",
    "code": "invalid_settings_filterable_attributes",
    "type": "invalid_request",
    "link": "https://docs.meilisearch.com/errors#invalid_settings_filterable_attributes"
}
```

---

## invalid_settings_sortable_attributes

`Synchronous`

### Context

This error occurs when a value type different of `Array of String`, `[]`,  or `null` is specified.

### Error Definition

HTTP Code: `400 Bad Request`

```json
{
    "message": "//TODO",
    "code": "invalid_settings_sortable_attributes",
    "type": "invalid_request",
    "link": "https://docs.meilisearch.com/errors#invalid_settings_sortable_attributes"
}
```

---

## invalid_settings_ranking_rules

`Asynchronous` / `Synchronous` (//TODO: make it fully synchronous)

### Context

This error occurs when:

- an invalid format for the settings payload is specified
- a non-existent ranking rule is specified,
- a malformed custom ranking rule is specified
- a custom ranking rule is specified for a reserved keyword.

### Error Definition

#### Variant: Sending an invalid format

```json
{

>     "message": "//TODO",

Author: `:serde_helper` at `:field`

}
```

- The `:oneTypo` is inferred when the message is generated.
- The `:twoTypos` is inferred when the message is generated.

---

## invalid_settings_faceting

`Synchronous`

### Context

This error occurs when a value different from `null` or with a different type than `Integer` is specified for the `maxValuesPerFacet` field.

### Error Definition

HTTP Code: `400 Bad Request`

```json
{
    "message": "//TODO",
    "code": "invalid_settings_faceting",
    "type": "invalid_request",
    "link": "https://docs.meilisearch.com/errors#invalid_settings_faceting"
}
```

---

## invalid_settings_pagination

`Synchronous`

### Context

This error occurs when a value different from `null` or with a different type than `Integer` is specified for the `maxTotalHits` field.

### Error Definition

HTTP Code: `400 Bad Request`

```json
{
    "message": "//TODO",
    "code": "invalid_settings_pagination",
    "type": "invalid_request",
    "link": "https://docs.meilisearch.com/errors#invalid_settings_pagination"
}
```

---

## invalid_search_filter

`Synchronous`

### Context

This error occurs when:

> - there is a syntax error in the `filter` parameter

Reviewer: Maybe those statements should start with a capital letter and have a full stop in the end?

---

> ## dump_not_found

Author: Forgot to remove that one when we deleted the `GET Dump status` route.

---

## task_not_found

`Synchronous`

#### Context

This error happens when a requested task can't be found.

#### Error Definition

HTTP Code: `404 Not Found`

```json
{
    "message": "Task `:taskUid` not found.",
    "code": "task_not_found",
    "type": "invalid_request",
    "link": "https://docs.meilisearch.com/errors#task_not_found"
}
```

- The `:taskUid` is inferred when the message is generated.

---

## invalid_task_uids

`Synchronous`

### Context

This error occurs when the `uids` query parameter filter is invalid.
### Error Definition

HTTP Code: `400 Bad Request`

```json
{
    "message": "Task uid `:uid` is invalid. It should only contains numeric characters separated by `,` character.",
    "code": "invalid_task_uids",
    "type": "invalid_request",
    "link": "https://docs.meilisearch.com/errors#invalid_task_uids"
}
```

- `:uid` is inferred when the message is generated.

---

## invalid_task_before_enqueued_at

`Synchronous`

### Context

This error occurs when the `beforeEnqueuedAt` query parameter filter is invalid.

### Error Definition

HTTP Code: `400 Bad Request`

```json
{

>     "message": "Task `:dateFilterName` `:value` is invalid. It should follow the RFC 3339 format. e.g. 'YYYY-MM-DD' or 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS'.",

Author: Since `message` field changes are not considered breaking, we will make some effort on it in a future version!

```json
{

>     "message": "Task status `:status` is invalid. Available task statuses are: `:taskStatuses`.",

Reviewer: Following my previous comment, we should clarify what we are talking about here :)
